NEWS for StepSim
================

0.5.5
-----

Released on 05 July 2012.

Added Milestone.converters. Using current_milestone.converters now in 
milestones(). Added Converter.set_temporary_steps(). Converter.process() and 
Converter.deliver() now temporary change of Converter.steps. Added doctest for 
temporary changing the step value of a Converter to README. Minor changes.


0.5.4
-----

Released on 24 February 2012.

Added Container.units_delivered which counts the total number of units delivered 
to a Container. Changed Milestone.percent() to use Container.units_delivered 
instead of Container.stock. Added Converter.max_units and 
Converter.units_delivered. Converter.draw() will now check if 
Converter.units_delivered has reached Converter.max_units before drawing 
resources. Added Converter.set_max_units() Changed doctests in README 
accordingly. Minor changes and additions.


0.5.3
-----

Released on 18 September 2011.

Removed step() from Converter and replaced it by draw(), process() and deliver() 
which are called by Simulation.step(). The new methods return True if the 
Converter's countdown permitted the action, False otherwise.


0.5.2
-----

Released on 28 July 2011.

Stepsim is more deterministic now: milestone calculations will yield the same 
results for identical input, no matter what the order of contributing 
converters. Fixed total completeness percentage calculation for milestones.
A .dot graph can now be exported from milestone calculations.


0.5.1
-----

Released on 11 April 2011.

Added Converter.revert() which reverts the last draw performed by the converter. 
It is called before a converter is removed from a simulation.


0.5.0
-----

Released on 8 April 2011.

Added function stepsim.milestones() which takes a condition string and a list of 
Converters and computes the milestones to be completed to meet the condition. 
Changed default log level to logging.WARNING and added function 
stepsim.loglevel() to conveniently be able to set the log level. Minor fixes.


0.4.0
-----

Released on 7 April 2011.

Added Simulation.check() to conveniently check a condition of the simulation 
using a string. Added Simulation.estimate_finish() which creates a copy of the 
Simulation instance and runs it until a break condition occurs. Added function 
be_quiet() to stop logging to stderr and stdout.


0.3.2
-----

Released on 04 April 2011.

Replaced Simulation.container_list and Simulation.converter_list by dicts.
Minor fixes.


0.3.1
-----

Released on 29 March 2011.

Added convenience functions stepsim.log_to_stderr() and stepsim.log_to_stdout() 
to conveniently activate logging to stderr and stdout, respectively.


0.3.0
-----

Released on 22 March 2011.

Converters can now be removed from a simulation. Converters now signal which 
container they are accessing for realtime visualisation purposes. Several fixes 
and improvements.


0.2.0
-----

Released on 10 February 2011.

StepSim now uses the "logging" module instead of printing to stdout.


0.1.0
-----

Released on 09 February 2011.

This is the initial release. The source code is compatible with Linux, Microsoft 
Windows and Apple OS X.
